it'd be logo welcome to this week's
movie math here are today's headlines
universal studios in Disney World create
immersive movie experiences Hollywood
might be delivering movies to your TV
just 30 days after theatrical release
new itunes is coming back and of course
the weekend box office now let's get
started next weekend muggles will
finally be able to physically experience
the world they've only read about in
books and seen on the silver screen yes
that's when Universal Studios Orlando's
wizarding world of harry potter opens
for select fans that purchased special
theme park hotel packages while the
official grand opening is june
eighteenth but this is no ordinary theme
park experience the entire creative team
behind the movies has joined forces with
universal studios to literally bring the
movies to life in this twenty acres
owned the major attraction will be Harry
Potter and The Forbidden Journey a
thrill ride which uses new robotic arm
technology than 360 degree film
technology to do things like
realistically put you in the middle of a
Quidditch match house in Hogwarts castle
even waiting in line will be in
experiences the paintings around you
will come to life also two of the parks
existing roller coasters dueling dragons
and flying unicorn have been refurbished
potter style after the thrills you can
go to Ollivanders where a one will
choose you and pick up some snacks and
honeydukes and souvenirs it filters
emporium of confiscated goods and don't
forget to get a refreshing glass of
actual butterbeer created just for the
park at the three broomsticks not to be
outdone walt disney world is currently
building an expansion of their popular
fantasy land that will capitalize on
their popular Disney Princess line
allowing you to enter the worlds of your
favorite animated classics in 2012 you
will be able to physically visit
Cinderella at her Chateau where her rags
will change it to a ball gown before
your eyes or you can visit Sleeping
Beauty in the forest helping the three
magic fairies to prepare her birthday
party also the beasts castle joins the
neighborhood with a new be our guest
dining experience not to mention bells
cottage and Gaston's tavern
or by finally in addition to these
meet-and-greet experiences there will be
a little mermaid ride so which lands are
you planning to visit do you like this
immersive new format and theme park
entertainment and whether movies would
you like to have the chance to
experience speaking of new ways to
experience movies Hollywood is trying to
think outside the box as DVD sales
continue to draw the latest plan they're
considering is a premium on demand cable
service which would make movies
available to rent just 30 days after
they're released in theaters for a price
of twenty to thirty dollars theater
owners are obviously not happy about
this plan and are threatening to boycott
any films that would participate in this
release schedule this is similar to the
dispute over Alice in Wonderland earlier
this year dr's were upset that Disney
was releasing the movie on DVD just
three months after its theatrical
release instead of the usual four months
however in the end the theater owners
caved and showed the movie it became the
highest-grossing movie of the year and
is said to make a killing on DVD June
first but as the 30 day window going too
far Studios argue that they only make
twenty percent of their revenue off of a
film's theatrical release they need to
think outside the box before something
like iTunes does to them went into the
music industry however I'd argue that
while the way music is purchased has
certainly changed when we listen to it
has not seeing a movie on the other hand
is a shared experience similar to a
sporting event to dilute the audience
could suck all the excitement out of the
medium also dangerous the fact that imax
3d tickets in new york city around
twenty dollars in an effort to make more
money holly was going to force people to
say at home where let's face it they
just become another channel on the TV
with animated movies dominating at the
box office Warner Brothers has
remembered that they actually have a
pretty darn famous animation franchise
sitting in a dusty old block somewhere
yes the looney tunes are being primed
for yet another comeback this summer the
first of several 3d computer animated
shorts featuring Road Runner and wile e
coyote will debut in front of cats and
dogs the revenge of kitty galore and in
the fall bugs and Daffy will be joined
the Cartoon Network lineup the cartoon
will feature them as roommates living in
a cul-de-sac with some familiar faces as
neighbors it's like cougar town just as
raunchy but now
violent Warner Brothers will also be
releasing video games and new DVD
compilations do you think they're still
an audience for this comedic style of
mayhem or as Warner Brothers just the
wily coyote to the animation industry is
Roadrunner it was a heroine weekend at
the box office is both new releases were
smacked in the face by audiences Shrek
Forever After managed to come in at
number one with 71 million a number
that's impressive until you consider the
franchise's track record however it's
still a bigger opening than those of
recent DreamWorks hits so Shrek can take
which should be his final bow with
dignity the real question here though is
are there so many animated movies now
that they are no longer events
dreamworks animation itself has five
movies coming out over the next two
years very soon computer animated movies
might no longer be easy money for the
studios and the same thing could happen
to you 3d we were in second place iron
man 2 flew past 250 million but still
has a ways to go before to live alice in
wonderland in its sights meanwhile robin
hood took third place with the overseas
market continuing to act as instr wood
forest protecting the film from us
apathy letters to juliet and just right
round out the top-5 with macGruber
debuting in sixth place it's a shame to
see this movie blow up and will 14 you
over to Cohen spaces as I had the chance
to sit down with them earlier this week
and I can tell you they put their hearts
and souls into this movie and I think it
paid off with a solid entertaining film
but I guess audiences will just have to
be blown away on DVD also note bollywood
film kites debut in the number 10 spot
despite playing in just 208 theaters and
this is the reason why and that's this
week's movie math as always thanks for
watching and please if you have a few
minutes to spare fill out the survey for
YouTube the link is also posted in the
video description it's about web shows
and I hope when they ask you which shows
you like to watch he'll click on beyond
the trailer I'm Grace Randolph and we
just did some movie man subscribe
I